Dear Admission Officer,
 
My name is XU YICHUN and my application number is C2014173. I’m writing this letter to inquire if the final decision has been made on my application.

I have previously submitted my application for the MSc programme in Knowledge Management for 2020 fall. I knew you have post the results (accepted) since April 2nd, and I have not received any response from you to date. As I checked the status earlier, mine still says “application under process”. It seems that all that is left are rejections by default. If that’s the case, I might need to make other plans as soon as possible. That’s why I’m hoping to get a direct answer from you from this email.
 
Other than the inquiry, I would also like to draw your attention to two of my new internship experiences on top of the support materials being submitted last time. One is at iCYCLE in the operation group and the other at Ipsos in social media information analytics group. From the former experience, I collected data in four stages and visualised them using Excel and Tableau. While in the latter, I performed independent data capturing with the use of Data Miner and did social media information analytics. My analysis report on the beer industry analysis was highly recognised by the project leader.
 
Given my academic performance (average score at 90.3) as well as the previous work and project experience, I believe I’ll be a worthy asset to your team. Besides, my strong language skills (IELTS 7 with writing at 6.5 and speaking at 7) will help me adapt to the local environment in no time and present great strength in the researches. To achieve my goal as an information analyst, your programme will furnish me with all the necessary knowledge and presents me with the perfect opportunity to embark on my future profession.
 
NTU is my dream school and MSc Knowledge Management is my top choice. I appreciate its pragmatic and efficient environment.
 
Thank you very much for taking time handling my inquiry. I am looking forward to your favourable reply.
 
Best Regards,
 
XU YICHUN
